1.Project team members will be rewarded for outstanding work and meeting project cost objectives. Senior manager asks the project manager about the availability and travel preferences of team members. Where can the project manager find the definition criteria and frequency of this award?
A.Responsibility Assignment Matrix (RAM)
B.Project Management Plan
C.Staff Dissolution Plan
D.Resources Control Plan
项目团队成员将因杰出工作和满足项目成本目标而获得奖励，高级经理向项目经理询问团队成员可用性和旅行偏好，项目经理可以在哪里获得此奖励的定义标准和频率？
A：责任分配矩阵（RAM）
B：项目管理计划
C：人员解散计划
D：资源管理计划

D:建设团队在资源管理计划中

2.A project manager is new to a company and has not led a project with international team members.What should the project manager do to develop cultural sensitivity?
A.Recognize that culture is learned，seek to understand local customs5and maintain flexibility,when working with team members
B.Meet with the human resource department to obtain formal training in this area
C.Decline the project,citing the difficulty of working with culturally diverse people as the reason
D.Learn every detail of each team member's culture to be sensitive to their needs
项目经理新加入一家公司，之前没有管理过具有国际团队成员的项目。项目经理应该如何培养文化敏感性？
A：认识到需要学习文化，设法了解当地习俗，并在与团队成员一起工作时保持灵活性
B：与人力资源部门开会，以获得这方面的正式培训
C：拒绝该项目，理由是与文化多样化人员一起工作存在困难
D：了解每个团队成员文化的每个细节，以便对他们的需求保持敏感

A

3.You have found that the one‐week sprint length is no longer a viable rhythm for your current sprint. The development team can’t create tangible, tested, and approved the product within one week. The sprint velocity is very low, which is very concerning to various stakeholders. As a scrum master, what should you do?
A.Increase the sprint length to two weeks. The capacity of a development team during a two‐week sprint will be higher.
B.Keep the current sprint length. Shorter sprints decrease the amount of time between feedback received from stakeholders.
C.Change the sprint goal. As the team can’t achieve the sprint goal, it becomes irrelevant
D.Cancel the sprint and start a new one with a smaller number of story points
你发现按照当前的冲刺节奏，一周的冲刺时长已不实际。 开发团队无法在一周内创造出成形的产品、完成测试并批准产品。 冲刺速度非常低，利益相关方非常担忧。 作为Scrum 主管，你应该怎么做？
A：将冲刺时长增加到两周。开发团队在为期两周的冲刺时长中生产力会更高。
B：保持当前的冲刺时长。 较短的冲刺时长减少了从利益相关方收到反馈的时间。  // 冲刺时长和反馈时间没有太大关系
C：改变冲刺目标。 既然团队无法实现冲刺目标，该目标便变得无关紧要
D：取消冲刺并开始一个故事点数较少的新冲刺

C

4.During a construction project,concrete is unable to be used because heavy rain affected its consistency:This possibility and its estimated cost were already identified in the risk register. How should the project manager fund the additional costs?
A.Apply the budget reserve.
B.Request reserves from the client.
C.Use the management reserve.
D.Access the contingency reserve.
在一个施工项目期间,由于大雨影响了混凝土的一致性,混凝土无法使用。这种可能性及其估算成本已在风险登记册中确定。项目经理应该如何提供额外成本的资金?
A：应用预算储备
B：向客户索取储备
C：使用管理储备
D：评估应急储备

D: 已知未知风险使用应急储备

已知已知风险直接计入项目成本
已知未知风险使用应急储备
未知未知使用权变措施，使用管理储备

5.A change request was approved according to established change management procedures, during its implementation.a senior executive expresses surprise at not being involved in this approval, since the size and cost of the change was significant. What should the project manager have done to prevent this?
A.Established a change management process, the required different approval levels depending upon cost estimates
B.Ensured that the project team was trained to identify situations in which the senior executive should be involved in the change management process
C.Involve the senior executive in the design of the change management process during the project’s planning phase
D.Consulted with the senior executive prior to submitting the change request
按照既定的变更管理程序，一项变更请求获得批准，在实施该变更过程中一位高级管理人员对其未参与批准变更表示很惊讶，因为该变更的规模和成本都很大。若要避免这个问题，项目经理应该事先做什么？
A：制定变更管理流程，要求根据成本估算需要不同的审批级别
B：确保项目团队接受培训，以识别该高级管理人员应该参与变更管理流程的情况
C：在项目的规划阶段，让该高级管理人员参与变更管理流程的设计
D：在提交变更请求之前先咨询该高级管理人员的意见

C