1、 相关方识别工作已完成，并且相关方位于许多不同国家，项目经理需要收集基于项目章程中确定的高层级需求所提出的详细需求。为了快速从这些相关方收集信息，应采用的最佳数据收集技术是哪一项？
The identification of related parties has been completed and the related parties are located in many different countries. The project manager needs to collect detailed requirements based on the high-level requirements identified in the project charter. In order to quickly collect information from these interested parties, which is the best data collection technique that should be used?
 A ：与各相关方召开单独的会议 Hold separate meetings with all interested parties
 B ：与相关方召开Web会议 Convene Web conferences with interested parties
 C ：焦点小组会议 Focus Group meetings
 D ：调查 survey
 D

2、 某大公司启动了一个项目，以便在其销售系统中实施新的模块。误解导致该项目发生严重延迟，两位相关方就项目需求产生重大分歧。项目经理首先应该做什么来解决这些相关方之间的分歧？
A large company launched a project to implement new modules in its distribution system. This misunderstanding resulted in significant delays for the project and significant differences between the two parties regarding the project requirements. What should the project manager do first to resolve these differences between interested parties?
 A ：考虑不同的观点，并与相关方磋商，以便针对项目采取正确的措施 Consider different points of view and consult with relevant parties in order to take the right action for the project
 B ：分析这些变更将对项目产生哪些影响以及能否在可用储备之内应对这一影响 Analyze what impact these changes will have on the project and whether the impact can be addressed within the available reserves
 C ：让项目发起人增加新需求，并告诉这两位相关方这对最终可交付成果并无影响 Ask the project sponsor to add new requirements and tell the two stakeholders that it has no impact on the final deliverable
 D ：提出变更请求，并更新范围管理计划，以便获得这些需求 Make a change request and update the scope management plan to capture these requirements

 A

3、 项目经理目前正在为一个强制性监管项目制定项目进度计划。项目经理正在接受来自不同相关方的意见，并发现他们中许多人估算的完工时间超出既定的结束日期。项目经理下一步应该做什么？
The project manager is currently developing a project schedule for a mandatory monitoring project. Project managers are receiving input from a wide range of stakeholders and finding that many of them have estimated completion times beyond the stated end date. What should the project manager do next?
 A ：通知发起人并请求修改结束日期以适应所提出的进度计划 Notify the originator and request modification of the end date to accommodate the proposed schedule
 B ：向相关方提醒项目制约因素并请求修改他们的意见 Remind stakeholders of project constraints and request modification of their comments
 C ：确定一个可以保证项目在结束日期之前完成的新关键路径 Identify a new critical path that will ensure that the project is completed before the end date
 D ：对项目管理计划进行赶工，以减少对所提出的进度计划进行延期 Work on the project management plan to reduce the delay to the proposed schedule

 C

4、 在与相关方开会以准备项目章程时，就项目的收益和组织的战略目标进行讨论，项目经理应该做什么？
When meeting with relevant parties to prepare the project charter, discuss the benefits of the project and the strategic goals of the organization, what should the project manager do?
 A ：更新商业论证以满足组织的战略 Update business case to meet the organization's strategy
 B ：建议将项目效益与组织的战略目标保持一致 It is recommended that project benefits be aligned with the organization's strategic goals
 C ：继续制定项目章程以纳入项目效益 Continue to develop project charters to incorporate project benefits
 D ：通过请求项目发起人帮助完成项目章程来重定会议方向 Reorient the meeting by asking the project sponsor to help complete the project charter

 B

5、 一个项目团队的一些成员对之前在Scrum环境下工作的新成员感到很沮丧。这个新成员不愿与项目组成员接触。项目经理应该怎么做？
Some members of a project team were frustrated with new members who had previously worked in a Scrum environment. The new member was reluctant to engage with project team members. What should a project manager do?
 A ：告诉项目团队的其他成员继续与新成员合作。 Tell the rest of the project team to continue working with the new member.
 B ：给项目团队发一封电子邮件，概述沟通策略。 Send an email to the project team outlining the communication strategy.
 C ：为项目团队安排一次会议，审查沟通管理计划。 Schedule a meeting for the project team to review the communications management plan.
 D ：指导新的团队成员遵循团队章程。 Instruct new team members to follow the team charter

 D