关于考点问题需要等基金会审核哈，大家别担心，快来做题啦，2.16五题@所有人 

1、你刚被指派负责某项目，该项目正处于项目计划阶段，风险管理团队负责人向你报告已完成风险识别工作，该负责人对项目存在很多风险表示很担心，为了有效地管理项目风险，项目经理下一步的工作将如何开展?
Recently, you have been assigned to take charge of a project. This project is in the planning phase. The leader of the risk management team reports to you that he has completed risk identification. This leader is very concerned that the project may have a lot of risks. In order to manage the project risks effectively, what should the project manager do next?
 A ：通过风险分析确定哪些风险最值得管理 To identify which risks are the most worthy of managing by performing risk analysis
 B ：为已识别的风险编制有效的应对计划 To prepare an effective response plan for identified risks
 C ： 开展风险分析工作，进一步了解风险 To perform risk analysis, in order to further understand such risks
 D ：为各项风险指定责任人 To appoint the responsible persons for individual risks

 C

2、 在一个为期12个月的项目中,供应商通知项目经理所需的项目设备将被延迟，经过进一步调查后,项目经理得知该供应商在业绩表现方面口碑不佳。若要避免这个问题,项目经理应该事先做什么?
One month into a 12-month project,a vendor informs the project manager that required project equipment will be delayed.After further investigation,the project manager learns that this vendor has a reputation for under performing.What should the project manager have done to prevent this?
 A ：检查更新后的风险登记册和问题日志 Check the updated risk register and issue log
 B ：在供应商名单中添加备份供应商 Added a backup vendor to vendor list
 C ：在进度计划基准中包含应急缓冲 Include a contingency buffer in the schedule baseline
 D ： 查看其它项目的经验教训文档 Reviewed the lessons learned documents from other projects

 D


3、你决定向以前经常为你的公司服务的一家供货商外包合同。该供货商在履行时间表和成本效益方面记录良好，而且与你建立了良好的工作关系。你现在的项目虽然与以前的不同，但是与该供货商完成其它工作类似。在这种情况下，你应该订立什么类型的合同：
You have decided to award a contract to a seller that has provided its services to your company frequently in the past. This seller has a good record in terms of schedule and cost performance, and your working relationship with this seller is excellent. Your current project, although somewhat different from previous projects, is similar to other work the seller has performed. In this situation, to minimize your risk you should award what type of contract?
 A ：固定价格，附加币值调整 Fixed-price with economic price adjustment
 B ：固定酬金（固定目标） Fixed-price incentive (firm target)
 C ： 固定价格 Firm-fixed-price
 D ：成本加酬金 Cost-plus-award fee

 C

4、 一位新的开发人员在项目执行过程中加入了一个敏捷团队。在参观工作区域的过程中，Scrum主管简要概述了团队使用的敏捷实践，并将新开发人员介绍给团队成员。在这种情况下，Scrum主管下一步最合逻辑的步骤是什么？
A new developer has joined an agile team in the middle of project execution. During the tour of the work area, the scrum master gives a brief overview of the agile practices used by the team and introduces the new developer to the team members. What would be the next most logical step for the scrum master to take in this situation?
 A ：召开项目启动会议来介绍新开发人员 Set up a project kick-off meeting to introduce the new developer
 B ： 让团队成员向新开发人员介绍项目 Let the team members introduce the project to the new developer
 C ：为新开发人员分配一个易于完成的用户故事 Assign the new developer a user story that can be easily accomplished
 D ：让新开发人员阅读团队基本规则和过程 Ask the new developer to read the team's ground rules and processes

 D

5、 [多选] 项目经理正在对比项目预算与行业指数，项目经理注意到项目预算低于类似项目的预算，项目经理应该怎么做？
A project manager is comparing the project budget with the industry index. The project manager noticed that the project budget was lower than the budget for similar projects. What should the project manager do?
 A ：更新风险登记册 Update risk register
 B ：调节资金限制 Regulate funding limit
 C ：执行储备分析 Execute reserve analysis
 D ： 请求专家判断 Request expert judgment

 A