2.17今日五题

1、 在新项目启动会议期间，因为项目将需要采购新设备，生产经理拒绝接受批准的章程。项目经理通知项目发起人，由于生产经理缺席，章程未能包括设备采购。项目经理下一步应该怎么做？
During the start of the new project, the production manager refuses to accept the approved Charter because the project would require the procurement of new equipment.The project manager informs the project sponsor that the Charter fails to include equipment procurement due to the absence of the production manager. What should the project manager do next?
 A ：与客户一起审查生产经理关切的问题 To review the concerns of the production manager with customer
 B ：记录生产经理关切的问题，并在项目启动大会之后获得他们的支持 To record the concerns of the production manager and get their support after the project kick-off meeting
 C ：开展另一项成本效益分析，包括生产经理的反馈 To conduct another cost-benefit analysis, including feedback from the production managers
 D ：向生产经理解释设备成本不会影响项目业务价值 Explain to the production manager that equipment costs will not affect the business value of the project

 C

2、 项目经理要求风险经理开展每月的定量风险分析。风险经理应该提交什么？
The project manager asks the risk manager to conduct a monthly quantitative risk analysis. What should the risk manager present?
 A ：蒙特卡洛累积图 Monte Carlo cumulative char
 B ：风险重新评估 Risk reassessment
 C ：概率和影响矩阵 Probability and impact matrix
 D ：根据概率和影响等级来识别风险 Identified risks with probability and impact ratings

 A

3、 为了制定一份前后一致的风险管理计划，项目经理需要考虑哪些因素？
What will the project manager need to consider in preparing a coherent risk management plan?
 A ：客户的风险态度以及组织过程资产 Customer risk attitude and organization process assets
 B ：项目管理计划和事业环境因素 Project management plan and enterprise environmental factor
 C ：风险登记册和范围说明书 Risk register and scope statement
 D ：潜在响应列表和项目管理计划 List of potential responses and the project management plan

B


4、 在管理项目时，你发现团队中的一些成员相处得不好。你还认识到三个团队成员不确定如何完成他们的可交付成果。你所有的团队成员都在同一栋楼里一起工作。你还可以在一个单独的会议室里与所有团队成员定期举行每周会议。在这种情况下，哪种方法没有帮助？
While managing a project, you discovered that a few of your team members are not getting along. You also realized that three team members are not sure how to complete their deliverables. All of your team members are working together in the same building. You also have regular weekly meeting with all the team members in a single meeting room. Which technique will NOT be helpful in this situation?
 A ：作战室 War room
 B ：训练 Training
 C ：奖励和表扬 Reward and recognition
 D ：谈判 Negotiation

没有帮助 注意审题  A


5、  在项目执行阶段，项目经理意识到项目相关方一直延迟答复敏感性电子邮件。项目经理应该怎么做？
During a project’s execution phase, the project manager realizes that a stakeholder is consistently late in responding to sensitive emails. What should the project manager do?
 A ：将其作为一个沟通问题记录在风险登记册中。 Log it in the risk register as a communication issue.
 B ：参阅监督沟通过程，获得替代沟通方式。 Refer to the Control Communications process for an alternative form of communication.
 C ：修订沟通管理计划中使用的沟通渠道。 Revise the communication channel being used in the communications management plan.
 D ：请求项目发起人解决该项目相关方的问题。 Ask the project sponsor to address the issue with the stakeholder.

B  出现问题，先找一下应对方案，如果没有，分析评估，提交变更，实施，改文件
