1、 一名新项目经理必须了解项目相关方在项目中的利益、关系、期望和影响。项目经理需要根据这些关系建立联系。下列哪一项将帮助项目经理完成这项工作？
A new project manager must gain an understanding of stakeholders’ interests, relations, expectations, and influence on a project. The project manager must also leverage relation build coalitions. What will help the project manager accomplish this?
 A ：相关方分析 Stakeholder analysis
 B ：人际关系技巧 Interpersonal skills
 C ：分析技术 Analytical techniques
 D ：相关方参与度评估矩阵 Stakeholders engagement assessment matrix

 D


2、 已经决定使用瀑布管理项目。然而，由于需求不明确，软件将在短时间内使用Scrum进行开发。在从组织内部获得团队之后，项目经理意识到组织在几个关键领域缺乏技术专长，将需要从供应商获得外部资源。然而，本组织希望保留其对所进行工作的战略酌处权。对于项目经理来说，为了最大限度地与供应商协作，最好的承包技术是什么？
It has been decided that the project will be managed using waterfall. However, due to ambiguous requirements, the software will be developed in short iterations using Scrum. After acquiring a team from within the organization, the project manager realizes that the organization lacks technical expertise in several key areas and will require external resources from a vendor. The organization, however, wants to preserve its strategic discretion on the work performed. What is the best contracting technique for the project manager to use to maximize collaboration with the vendor?
 A ：团队扩充 Team augmentation
 B ：提前取消选项 Early cancellation option
 C ：固定价格增量 Fixed-price increments
 D ：时间和材料限制 Not-to-exceed time and materials

 C

 A

3、  你领导着两个独立的团队在同一个项目上工作。可交付成果的性质要求一个团队采用预测法，而另一个团队使用Scrum。由于团队之间的依赖性和Scrum团队输出的可变性质，预测性团队需要用尽可能短的反馈循环来确认他们对Scrum团队活动的理解。你的最佳行动方案是什么？
You are leading two independent teams working on the same project. The nature of the deliverables requires that one team takes a predictive approach, while the other uses Scrum. Due to dependencies between the teams and the variable nature of the outputs from the Scrum team, the predictive team needs to confirm their understanding of the Scrum team's activities with the shortest feedback loop possible. What is your best course of action?
 A ：将项目回顾纳入项目进度计划 Include a project retrospective into the project schedule
 B ：要求Scrum团队使用信息发射源 Request that the Scrum team use information radiators
 C ：结合定期的客户反馈循环的使用 Incorporate the use of periodic customer feedback loops
 D ：让预测团队参加每日Scrum会议 Have the predictive team attend the daily scrum meetings

 B

 D每日站会每天获得一手的信息，比信息发射源更及时

4、 你正在创建在你的公司部署一个新的ERP软件的时间表。该公司目前正在进行敏捷转型，因此决定迭代开发新的ERP。ERP的第一个版本应该在四个月内推出，你知道另一个全公司范围操作系统升级的项目计划在三个月内推出。随着升级项目影响你的进度，你应该评估以下哪一项以确定在推出前的迭代次数？
You are creating the schedule to deploy a new ERP software in your company. The company is currently undergoing an agile transformation, so it was decided to develop the new ERP iteratively. The first release of the ERP should be rolled out in four months, and you know that another project, a company-wide operating system upgrade, is scheduled in three months. With the upgrade project affecting your schedule, an impact on which of the following should you assess to determine the number of iterations until rollout?
 A ：发布规划 Release planning
 B ：产品路线图 Product roadmap
 C ：迭代待办事项列表 Iteration backlogs
 D ：项目章程 Project charter

 A

5、 在每日站会上，开发团队的两名成员开始争论来自WBS的一个特定的工作包是否已经满足了被认为是完整的要求。项目团队的两名成员都将被闲置，直到达成解决方案。在会议结束之前，项目经理首先应该做什么？
During a daily standup meeting, two members of the development team begin arguing over whether or not a particular work package from the WBS has met requirements to be considered complete. Both project team members will be idled until a resolution can be reached. Before adjourning the meeting, what should the project manager do first?
 A ：审查需求文件 Review the requirements documentation
 B ：参阅需求跟踪矩阵 Refer to the requirements traceability matrix
 C ：执行确认范围过程 Perform the Validate Scope process
 D ：在问题日志中记录障碍 Record the impediment in the issue log

 D